README.md, before:

# [DEPRECATED] Datadog Agent Action

![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-deprecated-red.svg)

## Deprecation notice

This project is no longer maintained. The recommended way of using [Test Visibility](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tests/) in GitHub Actions is [Test Visibility Github Action](https://github.com/DataDog/test-visibility-github-action).

## Usage

Starts a Datadog Agent and gracefully shuts it down before the job finishes.

The Datadog Agent will be available at `localhost:8125/udp` for metrics collection and `localhost:8126/tcp` for APM traces collection.

```yaml
name: Test Code
on: [push]
jobs:
  test:
    steps:
      - uses: datadog/agent-github-action@v1.3
        with:
          api_key: ${{ secrets.DD_API_KEY }}
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - run: make tests
```

## Inputs

The action has the following options:

| Name                | Description                                                                                                                                                 | Required | Default                  |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------ |
| `api_key`           | The API key for the Datadog site.                                                                                                                           | True     |                          |
| `container_name`    | The name for the docker container that runs the agent.                                                                                                      | True     | `datadog-agent`          |
| `image_name`        | The docker registry and image to pull. It has to be one of [`datadog/agent` (Docker), `gcr.io/datadoghq/agent` (GCR), `public.ecr.aws/datadog/agent` (ECR)] | True     | `gcr.io/datadoghq/agent` |
| `datadog_site`      | The Datadog site to send data to.                                                                                                                           | True     | `datadoghq.com`          |
| `extra_env`         | A comma separated list of environment variables to pass to the Datadog agent. (e.g. `DD_APM_MAX_EPS=500`)                                                   | False    |                          |
| `max_retries`       | The maximum number of times the action will poll the agent to see if it is ready                                                                            | True     | 10                       |
| `initial_wait_time` | The initial wait time in seconds between polls to see if the agent is ready                                                                                 | True     | 5                        |

Commit message:

Update documentation with instruction on how to setup agent without the action (#235)

README.md, after:

# [DEPRECATED] Datadog Agent Action

![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-deprecated-red.svg)

## Deprecation notice

This project is no longer maintained.
 
The recommended way of using [Test Visibility](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tests/) in GitHub Actions is [Test Visibility Github Action](https://github.com/DataDog/test-visibility-github-action).

If you need a Datadog Agent in your action for reasons other than Test Visibility, consider setting up a service:
``` 
services:
  dd-agent:
    image: gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest
    env:
      DD_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.DATADOG_API_KEY }}
    ports:
      - 8126:8126
```

## Usage

Starts a Datadog Agent and gracefully shuts it down before the job finishes.

The Datadog Agent will be available at `localhost:8125/udp` for metrics collection and `localhost:8126/tcp` for APM traces collection.

```yaml
name: Test Code
on: [push]
jobs:
  test:
    steps:
      - uses: datadog/agent-github-action@v1.3
        with:
          api_key: ${{ secrets.DD_API_KEY }}
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - run: make tests
```

## Inputs

The action has the following options:

| Name                | Description                                                                                                                                                 | Required | Default                  |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------ |
| `api_key`           | The API key for the Datadog site.                                                                                                                           | True     |                          |
| `container_name`    | The name for the docker container that runs the agent.                                                                                                      | True     | `datadog-agent`          |
| `image_name`        | The docker registry and image to pull. It has to be one of [`datadog/agent` (Docker), `gcr.io/datadoghq/agent` (GCR), `public.ecr.aws/datadog/agent` (ECR)] | True     | `gcr.io/datadoghq/agent` |
| `datadog_site`      | The Datadog site to send data to.                                                                                                                           | True     | `datadoghq.com`          |
| `extra_env`         | A comma separated list of environment variables to pass to the Datadog agent. (e.g. `DD_APM_MAX_EPS=500`)                                                   | False    |                          |
| `max_retries`       | The maximum number of times the action will poll the agent to see if it is ready                                                                            | True     | 10                       |
| `initial_wait_time` | The initial wait time in seconds between polls to see if the agent is ready                                                                                 | True     | 5                        |
